>> Kyle Simpson: So
async functions they are amazing.
They are so
much better than promised Jane's.
Let's get some practice using an async
await syntax that synchronous
async pattern so called.
Let's get some practice with that.
We're gonna be making
fake ajax calls here.
We're going to be requesting
three separate files.
We want to request them concurrently,
meaning we want to request them all at
once but we don't want to print them ASAP,
I mean we don't want to
print them in any order.
We want to make sure to print them in
the specific order that they should be
coming back.
So in other words, we want to
print the response to file one and
then the response to file two and
then the response to file three.
So we're requesting them concurrently,
or printing them sequentially, but
the last little twist is that we do wanna
print them as soon as they come back.
So in other words, we want to if
file one's response comes back right
away print it even if we haven't yet
gotten file two or file three.
So, we can't just wait for
all of them to finish for printing room.
So, we're gonna be using promises here,
that's what your get file
utility that you'll call.
You'll call that with the thing that
you're, the string that you're getting and
it will give you a promise,
it'll be awaiting that promise and
then using that result to print it out,
okay?
Again, this is only about
five to eight lines of code.
So don't feel like you need to
write a big, complex solution here.
Just think carefully about
where your awaits need to be.
Because an await does block the execution
of the rest of the function.
And you don't want to block
things unnecessarily.
If you need hint because you get stuck,
feel free to take a look at
the solution file ex.fixed.
We'll be back in a few minutes to talk
about the solution to this exercise.